{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel0 \b \fs36 Brief \u8212- Demo Cheat Sheet\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Live:} {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://robinbhaduri-eng.github.io/granola-brief-prototype/?demo=brief"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
https://robinbhaduri-eng.github.io/granola-brief-prototype/?demo=brief
}}}
\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 Setup\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Cmd+Shift+R \u183 ? window \u8805 ? 1024px \u183 ? land on Michael\u8217's brief\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Three meetings teed up: Michael (10 min) \u183 ? Pricing (30 min) \u183 ? Roadmap (1 hr)\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 Opening \u8212- 5s\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Today: click an upcoming meeting \u8594 ? empty \u8220"ready to record\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b We replace that with one thing worth knowing}\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 Beat 1 \u183 ? The Brief \u8212- 15s\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\i The room + worth knowing.}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Room}: Michael Mignano at USV \u183 ? last met two weeks ago \u183 ? owes him a read on the head-of-sales candidate\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Worth knowing}: those pipeline assumptions just moved \u8212- Maddie has a competing offer, backup is out\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Land this}: the insight is {\i about the same thread the room flagged.} Not random \u8212- fits the meeting.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 Beat 2 \u183 ? Reveal \u8212- 10s\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Click {\b Show what shifted} \u8594 ? 3 lines, cited to real meetings (Recruiter sync Mon + Elliot 1:1 Tue)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Quiet \u8220"Open full note \u8594 ?\u8221" link \u8212- escape hatch, never auto-navigates\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 Beat 3 \u183 ? The arc \u8212- 20s\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\i One click, three places.}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Bring this up} \u8594 ? confirms inline \u183 ? Undo for 4s\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Take Notes} on the Chrome notif \u8594 ? meeting note opens\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Pinned bullet at top, same thread, same copy\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Land this}: Brief isn\u8217't a passive sidebar. It follows you into the room.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 Meeting 2 \u183 ? Pricing review \u8212- 20s\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\i Category B: who else cares.}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Room: Nikola + Sam pushing from different angles (\u8220"Granola knows all of that\u8221")\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Insight: {\b Pat from infra has raised this in 6 prior meetings \u8212- not on the invite}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Click {\b Ping Pat for a quick read} \u8594 ? drafts in your voice. {\b Never sends.} Only Brief action that touches the outside world, and only as a draft.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 Meeting 3 \u183 ? Roadmap sync \u8212- 15s\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\i Category E: org divergence.}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Six in the room \u8212- Elliot is waiting on PM finalist feedback (another open loop)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Insight: {\b Growth and Trust have both been scoping Spaces warnings in parallel \u8212- neither knows.} Today\u8217's sync is the first room with both.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 Close \u8212- 5s\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab 3 meetings \u183 ? 3 categories (A / B / E) \u183 ? 1 full arc end-to-end\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Quiet over comprehensive.} Most meetings won\u8217't surface. When one does \u8212- it lands.\sa180\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 Trade-offs (own these before Chris asks)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Quiet most of the time} \u8594 ? may look \u8220"broken\u8221" or low-utility. That\u8217's the bet \u8212- rare + right is what earns trust. A Brief always full of insights trains the user to ignore it.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b One insight per meeting, not many} \u8594 ? lose breadth, gain signal. The previous design had three always-on modules; users would scroll past.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Drafts, never sends} \u8594 ? adds a click before anything leaves Granola. Friction is the safety net.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Zero new chrome} (no tab, no icon, no setting) \u8594 ? not \u8220"discoverable\u8221" in the UI. That\u8217's {\i how} it stays invisible until you need it.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Pinned bullet is intentionally subtle} (olive accent, no \u8220"FROM YOUR BRIEF\u8221" label) \u8594 ? could be missed. Per BRIEF \u167 ?12: \u8220"lightest possible mark.\u8221" Discipline is the feature.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b No external data} (no LinkedIn, CRM, Slack scrape) \u8594 ? narrower fact base. Counter: those would compromise trust and break Granola\u8217's positioning.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Categories C + D out of this demo} (open loops between two people \u183 ? what they\u8217've been carrying) \u8594 ? in the portfolio for context, not on stage today.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Per-meeting insight fit means no canonical example} \u8594 ? harder to brand a single Brief moment. Counter: per-meeting fit {\i is} the moat \u8212- Michael\u8217's hiring insight wouldn\u8217't fire in the pricing review and vice versa.\sa180\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 Likely Qs\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b How does Granola pick the one thing?} Five categories, ranked per meeting. If nothing clears the bar \u8594 ? the Brief is just \u8220"the room.\u8221" Quiet by design.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Won\u8217't Pat be offended?} It\u8217's a draft {\i you} read and edit first. Pat-aware, not Pat-bypassing.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Isn\u8217't this just chat?} Chat = user asking. Brief = Granola surfacing. Opposite direction.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Why not a sidebar tab or three modules?} Both make users {\i look} for org intel. Brief flips it: one thing, at the moment it matters.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b What if Granola is wrong?} Cheap retreat \u8212- Undo (4s), dismissable bullet, drafts that never send.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Why does the notification say \u8220"Chrome\u8221"?} That\u8217's today\u8217's Granola recording notification. Brief reuses it \u8212- only the copy carries the prep forward. No new surface.\sa180\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 Deep links (sidebar nav backup)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Default (Michael): {\f1 ?demo=brief}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Pricing: {\f1 ?demo=brief&meeting=pricing-v3-review}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Roadmap: {\f1 ?demo=brief&meeting=h2-roadmap-sync}\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Time budget:} ~1 min 40s walking through end-to-end \u183 ? trade-offs + Qs are for when Chris drills in.\par}
